Add dependabot config to manage dependency versions (#1439)
PlasmaControl/DESC: docs/installation.rst

.. code-block:: sh

    conda env create --file requirements_conda.yml

>     # option B: with developer requirements (if you want to run tests)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # optionally: install developer requirements (if you want to run tests)
```
